# To add a new entry, view page source, then search for "type="application/rss+xml"" or "type="application/atom+xml"" href

# Technology
Technology
# https://www.archlinux.org/feeds/news "~Arch Linux" technology
# https://git.suckless.org/sites/atom.xml "~Suckless" technology
https://lukesmith.xyz/rss.xml "~Luke Smith blogs" technology
https://lukesmith.xyz/peertube "~Luke Smith videos" technology

# Youtube
Youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYO_jab_esuFRV4b17AJtAw "3Blue1Brown" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCC552Sd-3nyi_tk2BudLUzA "~AsapSCIENCE" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC67f2Qf7FYhtoUIF4Sf29cA "~Bad Lip Reading" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA "~Brodie Robertson" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCr3cBLTYmIK9kY0F_OdFWFQ "~Casually Explained" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2C_jShtL725hvbm1arSV9w "~CGP Grey" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCvXxdkt1d8Uu08NAQP2IUTw "~chessbrah" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCYUQQgogVeQY8cMQamhHJcg "~CinemaSins" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCVls1GmFKf6WlTraIb_IaJg "~DistroTube" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCn1XB-jvmd9fXMzhiA6IR0w "~Domics" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHdos0HAIEhIMqUc9L3vh1w "~Dorkly" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCRijo3ddMTht_IHyNSNXpNQ "~Dude Perfect" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCAlxwHEm1bWWYoe5VCSQYEg "~EroldStory" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCWXCrItCF6ZgXrdozUS-Idw "~ExplosmEntertainment" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCqNe2Mqtv5sNidn5hAAEfiQ "~HigaTV" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHCph-_jLba_9atyCZJPLQQ "~How It Should Have Ended" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC3dfk4vg1tXLrmYG8ZNGW3A "~ian kung" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCp4DtLatjb5dBNHHYcvVXCw "~Josh Wright" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPmCaKjzYF3pXYLfaRhacwA "~Kassia" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q "~Kurzgesagt â€“ In a Nutshell" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC2eYFnH61tmytImy1mTYvhA "~Luke Smith" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA "~Mental Outlaw" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCeiYXex_fwgYDonaTcSIk6w "~MinuteEarth" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUHW94eEFW7hkUMVaZz4eDg "~minutephysics" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC8R8FRt1KcPiR-rtAflXmeg "~Nahre Sol" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCSAUGyc_xA8uYzaIVG6MESQ "~nigahiga" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC5zJwsFtEs9WYe3A76p7xIA "~Professor Live" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UC6MFZAOHXlKK1FI7V0XQVeA "~ProZD" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCPZUQqtVDmcjm4NY5FkzqLA "~Rousseau" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCOpcACMWblDls9Z6GERVi1A "~Screen Junkies" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCoNRSwYHJdy-yV1b82ZdHfQ "~SethEverman" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCUKi4zY5ETSqrKAjTBgjM-g "~Swoozie" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCo8bcnLyZH8tBIH9V1mLgqQ "~TheOdd1sOut" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCHsRtomD4twRf5WVHHk-cMw "~TierZoo" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCe4bOvc1mYxFcQ5xPb9Zmow "~TVSins" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg "~Wolfgang's Channel" youtube
https://www.youtube.com/feeds/videos.xml?channel_id=UCekQr9znsk2vWxBo3YiLq2w "~You Suck At Cooking" youtube
